Closes #1922 - Running Arkouda from a script example documentation (#1923)
Bears-R-Us/arkouda: training/RUNNING_FROM_SCRIPT.md

# Running Arkouda from a Script

<a id="toc"></a>
## Table of Contents
1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [New Server Startup Flags](#flags)
3. [Example Implementation](#example)

<a id="overview"></a>
## Overview

> The purpose of this document is to provide an example process for using a script to automatically run the Arkouda server, connect to the server, perform required actions, then disconnect from the server without any user interaction required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this document is to provide an example process for using a script to automatically run the Arkouda server, connect to the server, perform required actions, then shutdown the server without any user interaction required.

```
